RDM chapter update (#2891)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/rdm/rdm-checklist.md

# Individual Researcher Checklist

- Do not touch the raw data. 
Back it up somewhere reasonable and keep a read-only copy (see {ref}`Data Storage and Organisation<rr-rdm-storage>`).

- Set up a {ref}`Data Management Plan<rr-rdm-dmp>` to decide how the data is managed. 
This is especially relevant if you collect {ref}`sensitive data<pd-sdp>` and need to plan for consent for sharing!

- Document everything and keep the documentation with the data (see {ref}`Documentation and Metadata<rr-rdm-metadata>`) to ensure your data is reusable. 

- Try not to re-invent the wheel. 

> Before you start creating a new schema, storage format or naming protocol, have a quick google or ask your colleagues (see {ref}`Documentation and Metadata<rr-rdm-metadata>`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start creating a new schema, storage format or naming protocol, try to find an existing tool: have a (quick) internet search or ask your colleagues (see {ref}`Documentation and Metadata<rr-rdm-metadata>`).  

```

Something that is already being used is likely to be better in the long run.

> - Follow any required procedures by your research group, institute, country (ethics, integrity codes, policies on data management/open science)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow any procedures required by your research group, institute, or country (ethics, integrity codes, policies on data management/open science)
```
